ROSCOSMOS
Good morning. Miss Madison.
Good morning. Pasha.
We are working with the Americans
to resolve the issues
with the transgressing workers.
I would not trust the Americans.
Helios pretends to be
an international company
but it is based in Houston.
right next to NASA.
They serve the interests of Gore
and his lackeys.
What is so funny?
I have met Dev Ayesa and I promise you
he cares more about his own interests
than America's.
Margo is right.
Our intelligence conveys the same.
Now. while the strike is brought
to a close.
all efforts must continue to ensure
the safe capture of this asteroid
and its return to Earth's orbit
under Margo Madison's direction.
Thank you. Director Morozova.
We have updated
2003LC's projected trajectory.
and Tatyana has now calculated
the optimal intercept for Ranger.
She's done some brilliant work.
Very good.
That will be all.
The meeting is adjourned.
Everyone is dismissed.
Margo Madison... stay behind. please.